Reintroduce an improved Anontools using portal_actions. (#581)
kitconcept/volto-light-theme: docs/reference/slots.md

`headerTools`
:   The `headerTools` slot adds content in the header tools at the top-most right area of the page.

>     By default, it has the `Anontools` component, which provides the login, logout and register links, if enabled as actions in your Plone site.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    When enabled as actions in your Plone site, by default it has the `Anontools` component, which provides the login, logout, and register links.
```

Author: It has the `Anontools` component set. This component has the ability to show these links depending on the portal_actions defined in that moment.

Author: I find the suggestion quite disturbing, I don't know what are we talking about after reading it.

Reviewer 2: @stevepiercy 
```suggestion
    By default, it has the `Anontools` component, which provides the login, logout and register links if they are enabled in the portal_actions tool in your Plone site.
```

Reviewer: Where's "the `portal_actions` tool in your Plone site."? I don't see it.

https://demo.plone.org/controlpanel/

Reviewer 2: @stevepiercy portal_actions is a tool in the ZMI from ancient times. It's typically configured by a developer using actions.xml in a GenericSetup profile. (Well, usually you don't have to change the default actions.) There is also an Actions control panel in Classic UI, but it hasn't been added to the REST API or Volto yet.

Reviewer: I think this is something that only experienced Plone developers know about. I don't know if you want to apply the tenet from Seven to VLT docs, specifically, "write documentation as if you don't have years of experience with Plone".

Fortunately, I found three possible resources for the term `portal_actions` to make that job easier.

https://6.docs.plone.org/search.html?q=portal_actions

Each of the three is interesting because each has its unique context. I'm not sure whether any are relevant here. Perhaps a `seealso` directive with a link to relevant docs would be helpful?

What do y'all think?
